Add support for is array for rep commands (#31169)
demisto/content: Packs/VulnDB/ReleaseNotes/1_0_9.md

#### Integrations

##### VulnDB

> - Added support for multiple cves input for **cve** command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added support for multiple cve inputs for the **cve** command.
```
